update: native UI tutorial adjusted for the new template project structure (#630)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/multiplatform-onboard/multiplatform-dependencies.md

  common source set, `commonMain`.

  Many modern Android libraries already have multiplatform support, like [Koin](https://insert-koin.io/),
  [Coil](https://coil-kt.github.io/coil/), and [SQLDelight](https://sqldelight.github.io/sqldelight/latest/).
  Find more multiplatform libraries on [klibs.io](https://klibs.io/),

>   a search service offered by JetBrains for discovering Kotlin Multiplatform libraries.

Reviewer: Optional:
```suggestion
  a JetBrains search service for discovering Kotlin Multiplatform libraries.
```

> * _Native dependencies_. These are regular libraries from specific ecosystems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _Native dependencies_. These are platform-specific libraries from each ecosystem.
```

>   In native projects you usually work with them, for example, using Gradle for Android and Swift Package Manager for iOS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In native projects, you typically manage these libraries through platform-specific tools like Gradle for Android and Swift Package Manager for iOS.
```

  
  When you work with a multiplatform project module, typically, you still need native dependencies to use platform APIs

>   such as security storage, specific system calls, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  such as secure storage, system calls, and so on.
```

  In the build script, you specify native dependencies in the configuration of native source sets, for example, `androidMain` and `iosMain`.

For both types of dependencies, you can use local and external repositories.

## Add a multiplatform dependency

> If you have experience developing Android apps, adding a multiplatform dependency is similar to adding a

> > Gradle dependency in a regular Android project. The only difference is that you need to add it to a specific source set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Gradle dependency to a regular Android project. The only difference is that you add the dependency to a specific source set.
```

>
{style="tip"}

Let's make the greeting a little more festive:
In addition to the OS version, add a function to display the number of days left until New Year's Day.
The `kotlinx-datetime` library, which has full multiplatform support, is the most convenient way to work with dates in your shared code.

> 1. Open the `gradle/libs.versions.toml` file and add the `kotlinx-datetime` dependency to the version catalog:

Reviewer: Less specific Gradle version catalog?

Author: We're still working with a wizard-generated project here, no need to generalize yet.

>     ```text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```toml
```
